English Practice
救命作文1
In the contemporary, it is of great significance for youngsters to learn English well and thus, base on a survey, a
majority of international organizations or firms acknowledge that they prefer recruit employees who can speak English
fluently.
However, a host of English Learner may have a variety of troubles or difficulties in learning. For instance, a large
number of student find it difficult to memorize new words. Frequently, it is also difficult for them to understand the
rules of English grammar. Thought some are good at reading or writing. They fail to express them freely in oral English.
Then, how to get good command of this language? I am convinced that practice makes prefect. Only practice can help me to
master the English grammatical knowledge and remember new words. There is no other way. I deem if I try utmost to practice
English every day, the future of my English will promising and hopeful.

救命作文2
This drawing can be naturally associated with the significance of doing small things.In the picture, the boy express his
worries about "disposing of unclear waste". To his surprise, his father points the dustbin telling him that if he can
empty the dustbin there, he can do anythings.
The father means if young people intent to achieve a success,it is of great significance for youngsters to start with
little jobs.In the contemporary, it is a common phenomenon for teenagers to neglect tiny things in life. Such as clearing
rooms, washing clothes and emptying the dustin.Why? The reason is that  a growing number of teenagers find it useless to
doing this small things. A case in point is the boy in the picture. Nonetheless it is this small things that ensure youngsters
to master experience, knowledge and skills. Actually, in number of intelligent people have come to realize the significance of
these small things.That is to say, doing small things bring us skills, arouses our passion for life and help us make a progress.
    As a college student, I am convinced that it is necessary for youngsters to enhance our comprehensive quality by doing small
things. Accordingly, we should educate our classmates, acquaintances to cultivate positive awareness and habit.Everyone should
bear in mind that a big success originates from everyday small progress.


1.短文听力技巧
a. 首尾句群
b. 逻辑词
c. 
